we are about 1000 meters above
level of the sea we still have a summit
to reach 2,000 meters
let's look for this city where
supposedly living beings
extraterrestrials this all done in
stone was built by
extraterrestrials stone by stone
distract from their ships and descend
with its antigravity rays we are going to
keep showing them the terrestrial city
losses
we follow you on the road in the city
lost is awesome like a jungle
and all the way you can observe it
sees very little, it will be growing from
stone
it's awesome you can follow this
as well
the researchers in the lost city
let's show the caves where they lived
before
with stone doors and here what
we find it is like a claw marked on
the stone
we know that these beings have four
claw fingers well here is
marked the stone as fossilized
from thousands of years ago
we have to keep showing the city
lost
the researchers where you always go to
know the truth